hey I am working with coca-cola and they
sent me something and it's the fact they
send me a bag I have no idea what is in
this I'm not a cheater I didn't I didn't
peek inside but I'm going to unbox it
for you guys with hi Andi schrott that
was a weird hi
that was a weird hi we were getting the
slark and I have some if you wanted to
be in this and he said yes so I'm here
to do this as a quality bat it really is
like fill this bag it's a nice bag
that's good you can put some stuff in
this yeah first off I want to say thank
you to Coke for sending me this and
partnering with me I'm very happy I
seriously like drink coke as a kid all
the time and I still do now so I'm
excited to be to be doing this so I'm
going to I'm going to unbox this
although it's not a box I'm gonna unzip
I'm gonna zip this yeah alright here we
go
gzip it but like what dude genuinely
excited about those don't put them on
right now - they're mine gosh dude your
wife is gonna be psyched
yes yes she will use your shovel it's
pretty good as the cutest shuvit ever
that was a cute subway all right kind of
smash that me coke this has your name on
it with my name on it
whoa Cheers and you will hit me in the
face there's like a six pack of peanut
butter crackers in here well give me one
of them okay give me one all this is a
six pack I want all of them this is just
delicious dude even give you one crack I
haven't even eaten it yet you know
because I didn't know dude it's gonna be
awesome
this'll just wow you like hooked it up
that was going to solve to say the world
if this is not like the number 1 shirt
to sleep in I don't know what is then
you're not sleeping that's awesome size
medium they know my size do they ask I
don't think so okay blue shirt that's
Annie's favorite kind of shirt looks
like you can sleep in it
you look like it like you're sleeping Oh
pajama pants put those on you are you're
like literally like AAMCO human coke
I am coke you got a bag in a bag I got a
bag in a bag is there anything in the
bag another bag
it'd be awesome as everything in the bag
nice yeah Thank You coke that's awesome
I have not read these questions yet you
want to take these and ask me them and
I'm answer them sell yeah okay well
number one tacos or Twitter
tacos are Twitter yeah I thought I was
like saying like Twitter's of food it's
not talk oh yeah hey thinking you wait
you won't answer my question taco coke
with burgers or coke with Pizza Pizza
yes no choice I just like these are
better than burgers yeah well there we
go
high five
or hot dogs hot dogs high-five God you'd
imagine waning is featuring someone
gives you a hot dog
yeah rather I have a high five okay well
you're on a diet cold pizza or hot pizza
talking to people like cold pizza
coppice is not that bad dude not like
your old popcorn tastes really good to
have your head like stale popcorn like
from the night before no try it sometime
okay nachos for naps nachos yeah
sleeping is a waste of time oh and now
actually reading the paper it says
you're supposed to rapid-fire answer
this
so I guess quick as I can yes sir okay
sorry let's go how did you get started
on YouTube I made a video right now I
like to stay for through film escape
video that's what I'm good what is your
favorite thing about being an influencer
slash youtuber I get to do it every day
as a job yeah what did you want to be
when you were a kid I'm not kidding I
told in front of my entire fifth-grade
class and in assembly I said I wanted to
be a motorcycle mechanic then I don't
know anything about motorcycles or tools
can you change your heart your tire no I
don't even know how what is your
favorite uncommon food combinations
pancakes and peanut butter that's not
that weird but we'll take it when you're
hungry what is your go-to food cereal
good one now if you eat one meal for the
rest of your life what would it be crab
legs and arms
what is something your fans don't know
about you all of them right here yeah
one time my brother pushed me down a
stair sat in a laundry basket yeah you
survived I did and he's a good guy yeah
if you just a few years older yeah he is
what was one of the hardest tricks
you've ever learned kickflip nose
manuals that took like a long time to
learn that's why I'm saying kick field
nose may know what is your favorite
place to skate I like Arizona a lot
that's like a recent thing series yeah
there's a yeah I'm not Phoenix Tempe
which is right outside of Phoenix temple
temple Jones Oh with the questions done
though okay well we're done I'm gonna
drink the rest of that don't punch it I
know I said this already but coke think
you're a lot this is all awesome stuff
and I'm totally sleeping in this I think
I'm gonna do I'm gonna try to do like
five tricks
wearing this let's get it okay I
actually really don't want to mess these
up because they're awesome so they're
adorable I'm going to not skate this but
maybe in a future video that'd be fun
yeah maybe in that they can add a semi
more maybe five tricks yeah name which I
do name tricks so you go start with the
cross kick flip kick flip
oh why don't I really good kickflip so
next up is a half cup flip Wow
you never first try though yeah bound
you're really great in skating all red
whoa how super go do a little bit of
back side flip FL IP okay that was Josh
that was good doing nollie bigspin I'm
missing you do that in forever I can't
think I'm done for
there was I want you to know apply flip
so it's kind of like it's off your board
yeah okay whoo congratulations thank you
thanks for filming Andy I'm gonna get on
with the rest of my day and right where
the rest of them say it easy okay well I
need my camera No
[Music]
those pants since they're like budget PJ
comfy pants the bagginess makes you look
like from the 90s
oh my gosh don't exist try dude